study.md, before:

# Game Project Scope Study

## Required Readings

-   [Game Project](https://github.com/ga-wdi-boston/game-project)
-   [Game API](https://github.com/ga-wdi-boston/game-project-api)
-   [What is a User Story](https://www.mountaingoatsoftware.com/agile/user-stories)

## Deliverables

After reading the `game-project` prompt and the `game-project-api` documentation
please do the following and be prepared to share and discuss during our next
class.

Submit detailed answers to the following in this file via a pull request:

-   A wireframe of what your game project will look like.
-   The data structure you plan to use.
-   How you will take the markup of the game board and represent it in JS
-   How you plan to approach this project.
-   4-8 user stories for your game project.
-   How you plan to keep your code modular.
-   What creative spin will you add to your project?
-   How will you use version control to backup / track your project?
-   Do you plan to attempt any of the bonuses?

You may want to submit pictures for your wireframes and/or user stories.
[Markdown Cheatsheet](https://github.com/adam-p/markdown-here/wiki/Markdown-Cheatsheet)
has instructions to link to a picture you've uploaded to a service like [Imgur]
(http://imgur.com/).

Commit message:

Complete game project scope.
Game project scope study complete.

study.md, after:

# Game Project Scope Study

## Required Readings

-   [Game Project](https://github.com/ga-wdi-boston/game-project)
-   [Game API](https://github.com/ga-wdi-boston/game-project-api)
-   [What is a User Story](https://www.mountaingoatsoftware.com/agile/user-stories)

## Deliverables

After reading the `game-project` prompt and the `game-project-api` documentation
please do the following and be prepared to share and discuss during our next
class.

Submit detailed answers to the following in this file via a pull request:

-   A wireframe of what your game project will look like.

-   The data structure you plan to use.
    I will probably use an array of arrays, but I am keeping thge option of
    using a dictionary(object) open.

-   How you will take the markup of the game board and represent it in JS
    I will complete HTML/CSS first and then get to the logic of the game.

-   How you plan to approach this project.
    Definitely use all the training we did in class.

-   4-8 user stories for your game project.
-   How you plan to keep your code modular.
    Keeo multiple files, each doing small amd maybe independent functionalities.

-   What creative spin will you add to your project?
    Probably finish the requirements in the spec first before I get to the
    creative stuff, so maybe I wont get to it at all.

-   How will you use version control to backup / track your project?
    Commit often.

-   Do you plan to attempt any of the bonuses?
    I doubt, maybe if I have time.

You may want to submit pictures for your wireframes and/or user stories.
[Markdown Cheatsheet](https://github.com/adam-p/markdown-here/wiki/Markdown-Cheatsheet)
has instructions to link to a picture you've uploaded to a service like [Imgur]
(http://imgur.com/).
